Examples on DatilTest + Implement Payments (#39)
LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code: session-signatures/getLitActionSessionSigs/README.md

# `getLitActionSessionSigs` Code Example

This code demonstrates how to use the `getLitActionSessionSigs` method from the Lit SDK.

## Understanding the Implementation
1. Using an imported Ethereum private key, connect the wallet to the Lit RPC endpoint `Chronicle Yellowstone`
2. Connect to the Lit network using the `LitNodeClient` on the `datil-test` network, specifying the local storage to hold the generated session signature and keypair
3. Connect the `LitContracts` client to the Lit network
4. Mint a PKP using the `pkpNftContractUtils.write.mint` method from `LitContracts`.
    - You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens from [the faucet](https://chronicle-yellowstone-faucet.getlit.dev/) for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain
5. Mint a [`capacityCreditsNFT`](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/capacity-credits) and define the request limit and expiration date
6. Use the `capacityCreditsNFT` to create a `capacityDelegationAuthSig`

> 7. Define the `litActionCode` and locally create a hash of it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Define the `litActionCode` and locally create the IPFS CID hash of it
```
